c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe.config
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.pdb
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form1.resources
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.pdb
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form2.resources
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form3.resources
c:\users\ramazan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form4.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe.config
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form1.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form2.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form3.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Form4.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.exe
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\obj\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.pdb
C:\Users\M.Arif\Desktop\Satılabilecek Otomasyonlar\C# ACCESS\DepoTakipOtomasyon\DepoTakipOtomasyon\bin\Debug\DepoTakipOtomasyon.pdb
